[Doc] clarify retry loop (#130)
logstash-plugins/logstash-output-http: docs/index.asciidoc

Beware, this gem does not yet support codecs. Please use the 'format' option for now.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-retry_policy"]
==== Retry policy

This output has two levels of retry, library and plugin.

> The library only retry IO related failures. Non retriable IOException are InterruptedIOException, UnknownHostException, ConnectException and SSLException.

Reviewer: From a user perspective maybe is better not to report the Java exceptions names, but the concept they carries.
So it could be something like:
```
Non retriable errors could regard SSL problems or host not resolved but also connection problem or OS/JVM level interruptions happening during a request.
```

> The library only retry IO related failures. Non retriable errors include SSL related problems, unresolvable host, connection issues and OS/JVM level interruptions happening during a request.
> `automatic_retries`, `retry_non_idempotent` are the flags for library retry.
> `automatic_retries` controls the number of times of retry in the library level.
> `retry_non_idempotent` set to `false` means GET, HEAD, PUT, DELETE, OPTIONS, and TRACE requests will be retried.
> 
> The plugin level retry has two flags `retry_failed` and `retryable_codes`.
> `retry_failed` retry indefinitely for HTTP responses defining in `retryable_codes` (429, 500, 502, 503, 504)
> and retryable exceptions (Timeout, SocketException, ClientProtocolException, ResolutionFailure and SocketTimeout)
> 
> NOTE: `retry_failed` does not control the library level retry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-library_retry"]
===== Library retry

The library retry applies to IO related failures. 
Non retriable errors include SSL related problems, unresolvable hosts,
connection issues, and OS/JVM level interruptions happening during a request.

The options for library retry are: 

* <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-automatic_retries,`automatic_retries`>>. 
Controls the number of times of retry in the library level.
* <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-retry_non_idempotent,`retry_non_idempotent`>>. 
When set to `false`, GET, HEAD, PUT, DELETE, OPTIONS, and TRACE requests will be
retried.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-plugin_retry"]
===== Plugin retry

The options for plugin level retry are: 

* <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-retry_failed,`retry_failed`>>. 
When set to `true`, the plugin retries indefinitely for HTTP responses defined
in the <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-retryable_codes,`retryable_codes`>> option
(429, 500, 502, 503, 504) and retryable exceptions (Timeout, SocketException,
ClientProtocolException, ResolutionFailure and SocketTimeout).
* <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-retryable_codes,`retryable_codes`>>. 
Sets http response codes that trigger a retry. 

NOTE: The `retry_failed` option does not control the library level retry.
```

  * Value type is <<boolean,boolean>>
  * Default value is `true`

> Note that this option controls plugin-level retries only. 

Author: My first change is misleading. We don't have two level requests.

> Note that this option controls plugin-level retries only. 

Author: My change was misleading. We don't have plugin-level requests, instead, we have plugin-level retries
